General Mapping Notes
====================
The following provide sample instructions on general mapping that could be used in the Instruction section:

"These [learing resources](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/User:Logrady) may assist you in mapping"
* **"Be as precise as possible** - This takes a little bit of practice but following a road closely or the outline of a building carefully makes a tremendous difference in the quality of map data produced. Quality is more important than quantity when it comes to mapping. Zooming in close also helps"
* **"Changeset Comments** - These automatically include some default information but you should always add what you have mapped. For example, "added buildings and roads" or "added in some waterways"""
* **It is acceptable to "split" task squares** - Sometimes a task square will have a lot detailed settlement mapping that therefore may take longer than usual to map. If you think it would help to make the task square smaller so the mapping could be finished in a more reasonable time use the "split" link above the task square comment box"
* **"Personal knowledge** - If you have local knowledge, which you are very confident is accurate add it to the object you are mapping as this is very valuable. For example, building names, health facilities, names of roads, etc. are all extremely useful. Use the name=tag to supply that information""
* **"Sometimes a task square is already mapped** - If you find a task square that looks totally mapped or has nothing in it to map Just double check that it is complete. Then map anything that was missed,  straighten up anything that needs it and mark it "Done in the Tasking Manager""
* **"Invalidated task squares** - You might receive notice that a task square was "invalidated". This most likely means there are more things to map. This it is part of the process. **If you have to stop mapping before you have mapped everything use the "Stop Mapping" button instead of "Done".** As long as you are trying to map everything in a task square you feel confident mapping before you mark one "Done".
* **"Ask questions** - if you have questions, please ask. The front page of this [HOT Tasking Manager](http://tasks.hotosm.org/) website offers a few ways to ask or if you are at a mapping event, raise your hand to indicate you have a question"
* **"You are making a real difference mapping** - Every contribution matters in a real, tangible way. Mapping in not easy but know that your mapping is used by humanitarian organizations around the world every single day"